In this video, we're going to start to solve issue number two.
Remember, this issue number two was related to the fact that the set of properties that we pass in
to create a new user document are different than the properties that actually exist on that document.
Behind the scenes, we might add in, say, a created at or in updated at property.
So let's figure out how we're going to solve this.
After that, we'll then start to reflect on some that kind of strange syntax that we saw around that
right there.
And the any and the any right there.
Okay.
So to solve this issue, issue number two, we're going to create another interface.
So after the two that we already put together, I'm going to put another comment in here.
I'm going to say an interface that describes.
The properties.
That a user document has.
So these interfaces, if you really sit down and read it, they really make a lot of sense.
We've got one that describes what it takes to create a user.
We've got another one that describes what the entire collection of users looks like, or at least methods
associated with the user model, and then an interface that describes what properties a single user
has.
So I'm going to write out to Interface.
We're going to call this one user doc.
Like I say, extents mongoose dot document.
So once again, we're going to say that the definition of what a user document is make all the different
properties that a normal document has.
And we're going to add a couple more on top.
So in this case, we're going to say that an instance of a user is going to have an email that is a
string and a password that is a string.
So those are the properties that a single user has.
If we ended up adding in additional properties or if Mongoose automatically added those properties in,
this is where we would list them.
So we would list out something like created at that's a string and updated at that is a string as well.
But in our case, we are not telling Mongoose to add in these properties for us right now.
So I'm going to remove those.
But again, if we had those extra properties, that is where we would add them.
Okay.
So now we've put this together.
We're now going to take this interface and we're going to apply it down at the very bottom.
So where we are creating our user right here.
Or the user model.
I'm going to replace the any right there with user doc.
I'm also going to go back up.
To where we define the interface for user model.
So we've now got an interface that describes what a single user looks like, which means when we call
built, rather than returning any right here or saying that we are going to return any.
We're going to instead indicate that we are going to return an instance of a user or a user document.
So I'm going to replace that any with user doc.
I'm going to replace the any right there with user doc as well.
Okay.
So let's now go down to the very bottom and we'll do a quick test.
I'm going to once again create a new user by doing it.
A user build and I'll pass in an email of.
Whatever.
And a password of whatever.
So now if I hover over user right here, I'm being told that I got back an instance of user doc.
So now if I try to print out or access properties on here, I can access things like user email.
I can also access user password.
If we did not have this interface correctly set up user doc right here, we would not be able to access
these properties safely.
So for example, let's say that we actually did want to add in this idea of a created at time or created
or updated at time.
If we write out to user updated at TypeScript is going to complain and say, hey, that property doesn't
exist even if we know that that mongoose is going to add in this property automatically for us.
So to tell TypeScript that, Hey, it's okay if we want to access this thing, all we would have to
do again, go back up to the user doc interface and say updated at is going to be a string like so.
And if we go back down now, that error has gone away.
Okay.
So that's it.
That's how we solve issue number two.
So I'm going to delete this extra stuff right here.
I'm going to go back up to the interface and delete that updated at.
And save the file.
We're going to take a quick pause right here when we come back in the next video.
One last thing I want you discuss.
What is the goal of these little brackets right here?
So down on mongoose model.
Also up here.
And I think that was the only other location.
So what's the goal of those little English brackets?
This is going to be a lecture that's mostly just about TypeScript, because this really is some TypeScript
syntax right here.
I just want to give you a little bit of backstory on what the goal of those things are and why we had
to add them in.